thank you so much for that kind applause
it must feel so good to really mean it
for once you know Andy Garcia and I were
just talking in the break room we were
laughing because Jimmy's always
complaining about how hard it is to book
celebrities on his show and meanwhile
we're like halfway through this thing
and I've already booked seven big stars
that's not even counting me isn't that
funny Andy it was really hot a mix of
nothing
I mean cuz this is Hollywood you can you
can hit an Oscar winner with a rock out
here yes you can make sure my team and I
have a rock I'll have a rock you have a
rock oh good brother oh well then just
throw the rock and see what happens oh
my god did you just hit me with a rock
Matt Damon what are you doing out there
okay I don't uh I was just a bed mo
what's what's going on uh well do you
want to be on Jimmy Kimmel Live ah
I don't know it's like Jimmy in there I
no no no Jimmy's not hosting it I am oh
yeah
well yeah of course my next guest is an
Oscar winner who buys her own groceries
evidently we're very lucky to have her
with us tonight please everybody put
your hands together for Reese
Witherspoon
anyway you work guys we are so happy to
have you here am i this is great what
were you doing out there you're shopping
oh yeah what yeah what are you so I met
we shot for the same stuff cuz I have
four kids you just had your third right
yeah probably yeah so what do you have
like some some some baby formula I don't
really want to I don't need to get into
it come on what's in the bag ideas I'm
stupid what are you having the bag um
okay I mean you know you call - what
else you got some like kids PJ's or
something I mean wow
that one's empty
I didn't know your rolled like that this
long time between drop-offs he's trying
to have a drink